Lin Xiao, let’s drive this car to attend the class training meeting.
Is it too high-profile? How about we take a taxi?
So as not to tell them that we are training.
Let others go to training and be exempted from it.
The female road is good. If you have a car, don't drive it in the wrong gear.
good. For you, drink.
I originally wanted to give this car to you.
As a result, I came out to test one today.
It seems that it was not suitable for you when you went there.
In this case, I want them to dub it again.
No. Go get a car for Jin Yu.
We are now going to the Crystal Rose Restaurant for a meeting.
Just send it over there. Che Che.
Yes, Lin Xiao
I'm telling you
Su Yu can’t afford it now.
But nearly 20 million
Limited Edition Rolls-Royce
You think this is too vulgar?
Can you please tell me which famous company it is from?
He is a handsome guy with twenty million dollars.
You are not mistaken, right?
I just saw him
But take a taxi and come here
What happened when you saw Lao Si Lai's private affairs just now?
This year, I rented a car to install electronics on it.
It turned out to be these two boys
I really thought he was resurrected and became a human being.
Even lie to yourself
People want to reach the halfway point and pretend to be fat.
By the way, the old squad leader is now a senior member of the Zhang family, the richest man in the family.
You chose this place for this military meeting.
It should cost a lot of money, it's nothing
These are nothing compared to our ingredients.
If there is any counterattack here
So we, your selectors, take care of the wine
Otherwise, it will be expensive even for participating students.
I want my woman to be able to take advantage of her.
Okay, everyone, stop drinking.
This person's Linxiao
Just came out of this set
The so-called ending of Jingdi field
I just can’t help but score a single goal
How can I change it?